NOW LET'S GET UP TO
SPEED WITH "YU-GI-OH! 5D'S"!
PROFESSOR, I KNOW
YOU'RE IN HERE.
WE NEED YOUR HELP
WITH THE NEXT DUEL.
HOW MAY I BE OF SERVICE?
DIRECTOR GOODWIN NEEDS
YOUR HYPNOTIC POWERS
TO TAP INTO THE MIND
OF A POSSIBLE SIGNER.
NOW WE'RE ABOUT TO GIVE
TWO OF THESE DUELISTS
ANOTHER OPPORTUNITY!
GOODWIN, OUR MASTER
OF CEREMONIES,
HAS SET UP A LOSERS' BRACKET
FOR THE FIRST ROUND!
LADIES AND GENTLEMAN,
I PRESENT TO YOU...
MISS LUNA!
HUH?
SO, TELL ME WHY
YOU THINK SHE'S
A SIGNER, GOODWIN.
EIGHT YEARS AGO SHE WAS
ADMITTED TO A SPECIAL
HOSPITAL SAYING
THAT SHE COULD HEAR
DUEL SPIRIT VOICES.
THEN, ONE DAY,
SHE SUDDENLY COLLAPSED
DURING A DUEL AND FELL
INTO A COMA.
AND THEN, FOR NO APPARENT
REASON, SHE WOKE UP
HEALTHY A MONTH LATER.
SHE SAID SHE SPENT
THAT ENTIRE MONTH
IN THE DUEL MONSTERS
SPIRIT WORLD.
AND NOW SHE REMEMBERS
NOTHING OF THE SPIRIT WORLD.
LEAVING US ONE CHOICE:
TO MAKE HER DUEL
AND GO BACK
TO THAT WORLD.
LET'S GET DUELING!
I SUMMON A UNIQUE
MONSTER KNOWN
AS SYMMETRY RORSCHACH.
LOOK AT IT, AND TELL
ME WHAT YOU SEE.
BUT I'M AFRAID.
YOU MUST BE BRAVE ENOUGH
TO RELIVE WHAT HAPPENED
MANY YEARS AGO.
I'LL HELP YOU RETURN
TO THAT PLACE:
THE DUEL MONSTERS
SPIRIT WORLD.
PROFESSOR,
TAKE ME BACK.
WHAT'S THE CARD YOU'RE
HOLDING IN YOUR HAND?
AHH. AS I HAD HOPED:
THE FIELD SPELL
ANCIENT FOREST.
YOU WILL USE IT.
SOME SAY THIS
FOREST RESEMBLES...
SOMEPLACE ELSE.
WHY, IT'S JUST
LIKE THE SPIRIT WORLD.
TAKE US THERE NOW.
WE HAVE WORK TO DO.
NEXT I SACRIFICE:
SYMMETRY RORSCHACH.
AND WITH THAT REMOVED...
I CAN SUMMON IDO
THE SUPREME MAGICAL FORCE.
I SUMMON MY MONSTER
SUNLIGHT UNICORN.
[NEIGHS]
Woman: LUNA.
WHO IS IT?
WHO'S OUT THERE?!
YOU HAVE FINALLY
RETURNED TO FULFILL
YOUR PROMISE.
WHAT PROMISE?!
TO PROTECT THE REALM
OF THE DUEL SPIRITS
FROM THE FORCES OF EVIL.
WHAT CAN I DO?!
YOU CAN COME WITH ME.
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
[WHISPERING]
LUNA...
HUH?
YOU'VE COME BACK.
[GASPS]
I KNEW YOU WOULD ONE DAY
RETURN TO US, LUNA.
I KNEW YOU WOULDN'T
FORGET THE PROMISE
YOU MADE.
YOU DO REMEMBER,
DON'T YOU?
THIS IS NOT
HAPPENING.
YOU PROMISED YOU WOULD
PROTECT ALL OF US HERE
IN THE SPIRIT WORLD.
I THINK YOU'VE GOT
THE WRONG PERSON!
WHO ARE YOU?!
OHH!
NOT YOU AGAIN.
[ROARS]
OHH.
NO! SUNLIGHT UNICORN!
WAIT! COME BACK!
I BROKE THROUGH.
WHO ARE YOU?
WHAT IS GOING ON?
WHOEVER YOU ARE, YOU ARE
REALLY FREAKING ME OUT.
[NEIGHS]
OHH! SUNLIGHT UNICORN.
NO. THIS ISN'T REAL,
NONE OF IT IS REAL.
IT'S A DREAM.
HA HA HA!
HEAR MY VOICE.
LET IT REACH YOU.
RIGHT NOW, YOUR SPIRIT
IS TRAVELING THROUGH
THE SPIRIT WORLD.
TELL ME EVERYTHING.
TELL ME THE SECRETS
OF THAT WORLD YOU'RE IN.
YOU'VE GOT TO
STAY STRONG, LUNA!
YOU CAN DO IT!
GO, LUNA!
YEEAH!!
Luna: LEO! I'M SCARED.
WHERE ARE YOU?
[THINKING]
WHAT HAS THAT GUY DONE TO HER?
I GOTTA DO SOMETHING.
EACH TIME
HORN OF THE UNICORN
IS SENT
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
IT RETURNS TO
THE TOP OF MY DECK,
SO I AM NOW ACTIVATING
THE SPELL CARD
EMERGENCY ASSISTANCE
FROM MY HAND.
THIS ALLOWS ME TO SUMMON
ONE MONSTER THAT YOU
DESTROYED THIS TURN.
[NEIGHS]
I SUMMON
SUNLIGHT UNICORN.
WELL, I DID NOT FORESEE
THIS DEVELOPMENT.
IF THE CARD
AT THE TOP OF MY DECK
IS A SPELL CARD,
THEN I CAN USE
SUNLIGHT UNICORN'S
SPECIAL ABILITY
TO ADD THE CARD
TO MY HAND.
THIS IS MOST
FRUSTRATING.
I EQUIP MY MYSTIC STEED
WITH HORN
OF THE UNICORN.
[NEIGHS]
I PLACE TWO
CARDS FACEDOWN.
IT IS YOUR TURN.
HUH?
OHH!
SUNLIGHT UNICORN!
YOU'RE BACK!
WHAT HAPPENED
TO YOU EARLIER?
WHERE'D YOU GO?
HUH?
[GROWLING]
UM... PRETTY VOICE
FROM EARLIER?
IS THIS BIG SCARY
SHADOW THING WITH YOU?
Woman: LUNA, USE
YOUR SUNLIGHT UNICORN
TO ESCAPE!
OHH! WHOA!
[CHIRPS]
IT'S OKAY.
OHH, OHH.
WHAT HAPPENED
TO ALL THE TREES?
WHAT'S GOING ON?!
Woman: AN EVIL FORCE IS
ATTEMPTING TO CROSS
THE VOID AND ACCESS
THE SPIRIT WORLD.
IT YEARNS TO CORRUPT
AND TWIST THIS PLACE,
TO HARNESS ITS POWER
FOR MALICIOUS PURPOSES.
MALICIOUS PURPOSES?
AN EVIL FORCE?
THAT'S SCARY.
OHH!
HELLO?
Woman: I'M HERE, LUNA...
SEALED AWAY IN THIS
GRANITE PRISON.
I HAVE BEEN WAITING
FOR YOUR RETURN.
I DON'T GET IT.
WHAT DO YOU WANT
FROM ME?
THAT DRAGON.
HANG ON A SEC!
THAT DRAGON
LOOKS FAMILIAR!
IT'S YOU, IT'S...
ANCIENT FAIRY DRAGON!
WE MEET AGAIN.
IT'S TIME TO FULFILL
YOUR PROMISE,
OR YOUR BROTHER'S
SPIRIT MAY BE LOST
HERE FOREVER.
WHERE'S MY BOTHER?
LOST BETWEEN YOUR
WORLD AND OURS.
NOW ALLOW ME TO TAKE
YOU BACK TO WHEN YOU
FIRST CAME HERE,
TO HELP YOU REMEMBER
THE PROMISE YOU MADE
THAT WILL SAVE
THIS WORLD AND YOUR
BROTHER'S SPIRIT.
ALMOST DONE.
TA-DA!
HERE!
[CHATTERING]
IT JUST GOT REALLY COLD.
THAT'S WEIRD.
THE FLOWERS...
THEY WILTED.
Dragon: THE SPIRIT WORLD
IS IN DANGER, LUNA.
AN EVIL FORCE HAS BEEN
TRYING TO GAIN ACCESS
TO THIS PLACE,
TO TAKE OVER.
WITH SINISTER INTENT,
THIS FORCE REACHES OUT
TO SQUEEZE THE HEART
OF OUR BELOVED LAND.
AS THIS EVIL GROWS
IN STRENGTH,
THE LIGHT OF THE SPIRIT WORLD
WILL BEGIN TO FADE,
AND THE BEAUTY
OF THIS REALM
WILL BE REPLACED
BY SORROW AND DARKNESS.
CAN'T YOU STOP IT?
NO, BUT YOU CAN, LUNA.
WHAT CAN I DO?
YOU ARE A BRIDGE
THAT CONNECTS
YOUR WORLD AND OURS.
STAY WITH US, LUNA.
PROTECT US.
IN RETURN,
WE CAN HELP YOU.
WE FEEL YOU SADNESS,
MY CHILD.
WE KNOW THAT
YOU'RE LONELY.
YOU ARE LONELY,
AREN'T YOU?
YEAH, KINDA.
MOM AND DAD ARE
ALWAYS AWAY
ON IMPORTANT BUSINESS
TRIPS AND STUFF LIKE THAT.
'N I DON'T GO TO SCHOOL
WITH OTHER KIDS.
AND MY SILLY EGGHEAD
BROTHER ONLY THINKS
ABOUT HIMSELF.
OKAY, FAIRY DRAGON!
I WILL STAY HERE
AND PROTECT YOU!
I'LL PROTECT EVERYONE!
THANK YOU, LUNA...
AND I WILL MAKE SURE
YOU NEVER FEEL
LONELY AGAIN.
OHH. AHH.
I REMEMBER NOW.
I... I CAME HERE,
SEVERAL YEARS AGO.
AND I MADE
A PROMISE.
I SAID THAT
I'D PROTECT YOU.
BUT THEN...
LUNA.
LUNA!!
SHE CAN'T HEAR ME.
[THINKING]
THIS IS WEIRD.
IT'S LIKE THEY'RE
BOTH HYPNOTIZED
OR SOMETHING.
WHAT IS GOING ON?
HER EYES LOOK
SO DISTANT.
Leo: LUNA! LUNA!
Luna: LEO!?
[GROANS]
HEY! WHAT'S WRONG?
CAN Y' HEAR ME, PAL?
LEO, THIS IS NO
TIME FOR A NAP.
HE'S OUT.
DID HE JUST FAINT?
I DUNNO!
LET'S TAKE HIM
TO THE FIRST AID STATION!
[THINKING]
LUNA...
LUNA!
BACK THEN...
I HEARD LEO'S VOICE
CALLING TO ME AND...
LUNA! LUNA!
LEO?
[MOANS]
I HEARD HIM
SHOUTING MY NAME...
AND THEN I...
I JUST STARTED RUNNING
AS FAST AS I COULD.
I SAID THAT
MY BROTHER WAS
CALLING OUT FOR ME,
BUT I THINK I HAD
BEEN CALLING OUT
TO HIM SOMEHOW.
I WAS SCARED.
I WAS AFRAID I WOULDN'T
BE ABLE TO PROTECT YOU
BY MYSELF,
SO I JUST RAN.
AFTER THAT, I TRIED
SO HARD TO FORGET
ABOUT YOU.
I BLOCKED YOU ALL OUT,
AND THEN I...
[MONSTER GROWLS]
HUH? OHH!
OHH!
LUNA!
[THINKING]
IT'S GOTTA BE
THIS PROFESSOR CREEP.
HE'S DOING SOMETHING
TO HER BUT WHAT?
HUH?
NO WAY!
SHE HAS A MARK
LIKE MINE.
EXCELLENT NEWS!
LOOK HERE!
THE D-TECTOR
DETECTED A SIGNAL!
MISS LUNA
IS A SIGNER!
[GROWLING]
OHH.
GO AWAY!
LEO!
HE'LL BE OKAY...
I HOPE.
LEO...
COME ON. WAKE UP!
[THINKING]
OKAY. WHEREVER
THOSE TWO ARE...
THEY'RE NOT THERE.
THEIR BODIES MIGHT BE.
BUT THEIR SPIRITS...
IT IS MY TURN.
I DRAW!
W-WHAT?
HEH HEH HEH!
I CANNOT BELIEVE
THAT I HAVE ACTUALLY
CROSSED OVER.
I HAVE FINALLY
LEFT MY BODY BEHIND.
I HAVE ENTERED
THE SPIRIT WORLD!
WHAT D'YA WANT?
YOU ARE MUCH MORE
IMPORTANT THAN YOU
KNOW, MY DEAR.
NOW BE A GOOD GIRL,
USE YOUR SIGNER POWER
AND REVEAL TO ME
THE SECRETS
OF THIS
WONDERFUL REALM.
LEND ME YOUR POWER.
OKAY, UM, I HAVE NO IDEA
WHAT YOU WANT FROM ME,
BUT YOU NEED TO LEAVE!
YOU ARE NOT
ALLOWED TO BE HERE!
HUH?
HA HA HA!
LEAVE THIS WORLD ALONE!
[WHIMPERING]
I CAN'T DO THIS!
I CAN'T PROTECT
THE SPIRIT WORLD.
I'M SCARED,
AND I WANNA GO HOME NOW.
BUT THEN, IF I LEAVE,
ANCIENT FAIRY DRAGON SAID
LEO COULD BE LOST
HERE FOREVER.
LEO!!
SNAP OUT OF IT!
WAKE UP!
COME ON...
SAY SOMETHING,
LITTLE GUY.
LU... LUNA...
LUNA, I HEAR YOU...
LEO! WHERE ARE YOU?
COME ON,
GET ME OUTTA HERE.
PLEASE, LEO.
I'M SCARED.
STOP MESSING AROUND.
LUNA... LUNA...
DO SOMETHING, LEO.
HURRY!
OHH! AAH!
LUNA, DOWN HERE...
LEO? IS THAT YOU?
IT'S ME. I'M HERE.
SO COME ON...
GET ME OUTTA THIS
PLACE, QUICK!
I CAN'T...
I CAN'T BRING
YOU BACK...
BUT I SAW YOUR
PROMISE TO THE SPIRITS.
I WAS THREE!
I KNOW, BUT YOU'RE
CONNECTED
TO THESE
SPIRITS NOW.
LUNA...
DON'T WORRY.
KNOW THAT I AM
BY YOUR SIDE.
I'LL PROTECT YOU
SO THAT YOU CAN
PROTECT THEM.
LEO...
HUH? HUH?
LEO!
Dragon: WE ARE UNDER
ATTACK, LUNA.
NOW IS THE TIME YOU
MUST DEFEND US.
I DON'T KNOW...
IF I CAN.
HER EYES ARE
NORMAL AGAIN.
I WON'T LET YOU DOWN,
ANCIENT FAIRY DRAGON.
I WILL FIGHT TO PROTECT
THE SPIRIT WORLD
AND SAVE
MY BROTHER'S SPIRIT.
HA HA HA!
HUH?
I REVEAL
MY FACEDOWN CARD!
IT'S THE SPELL
PIXIE RING!
THERE'S TWO MONSTERS
ON MY FIELD,
AND THEY'RE BOTH
IN ATTACK MODE.
SO I CAN USE THE POWER
OF MY PIXIE RING
TO FORM A PROTECTIVE
BARRIER AROUND
THE WEAKER ONE.
YOU CAN'T ATTACK
KURIBON NOW.
HE'S SAFE.
[CHIRP]
I PROMISED TO
PROTECT THE SPIRITS.
AND THAT'S WHAT
I'M GONNA DO!
HOW SWEET!
BUT CAN YOU
PROTECT YOURSELF
FROM THE WAVE
OF ILL INTENT!?
HA HA HA!
SHOULD YOU
MANAGE TO DESTROY
A MONSTER OF MINE,
THEN I AM AFRAID
THE WAVE OF ILL INTENT
WILL CRASH INTO YOU
FOR 300 POINTS
OF DAMAGE!
AND NOW, IDO ATTACKS
YOUR SUNLIGHT UNICORN.
[NEIGHS]
[GROWLING]
[GROANS]
THAT ATTACK
DOESN'T MATTER,
FOR SOMETIMES, YOU
MUST BE WILLING TO MAKE
SACRIFICES TO
ACHIEVE VICTORY.
NOW I ACTIVATE MY
WAVE OF ILL INTENT!
Computer: WAVE OF ILL INTENT
IS A SPELL CARD
THAT INFLICTS 300 POINTS
OF DAMAGE TO YOUR OPPONENT
FOR EACH MONSTER THAT
IS DESTROYED IN BATTLE.
HUH? AAH!
THAT WASN'T
THAT BAD.
WELL, UNFORTUNATELY IT'S
ABOUT TO GET A LOT WORSE.
BECAUSE YOU DESTROYED
A MONSTER OF MINE,
I CAN USE THE EFFECT
OF MY PRIZED SPIRIT
CONTAMINATION SPELL.
THE CORROSIVE POWER
OF THIS SPELL IS CAPABLE
OF DESTROYING
ONE SPELL OR TRAP CARD
ON YOUR FIELD!
AAH!
THE PIXIE RING
IS GONE.
SORRY, KURIBON.
AND NOW,
DURING THE END PHASE,
MY IDO RESURRECTS
ONCE AGAIN.
I END MY TURN.
MY MOVE, THEN!
AND I DRAW!
HA HA HA!
SINCE KURIBON'S ATTACK
POINTS HAVE CHANGED,
YOU WILL SUFFER
THE EFFECT
OF IMMORTAL HOMEOSTASIS.
YOU MUST NOW ENDURE
300 POINTS
OF DIRECT DAMAGE!
[CHIRPS]
AAH! OHH.
[THINKING]
IT'S LIKE EVERYTHING
I TRY TO DO
ENDS UP HURTING ME...
BUT I CAN'T GIVE UP.
HA HA HA!
I PLACE ONE
CARD FACEDOWN.
WITH THAT DONE,
I ACTIVATE
HEALING WIND
FROM MY HAND,
WHICH MEANS
FOR EVERY SINGLE
MONSTER ON THE FIELD,
INCLUDING YOURS,
I REGAIN 200
LIFE POINTS!
I END MY TURN!
[THINKING]
GOODWIN IS A FOOL
FOR THINKING THAT I WOULD
SHARE THE POWER
OF THE SPIRIT WORLD
WITH HIM AND THE REST
OF HIS ILLIASTER SERVANTS.
I'VE DEVOTED MY ENTIRE
LIFE TO FINDING A WAY
TO CONNECT TO THIS WORLD.
NOW THAT I AM
FINALLY STANDING HERE...
I INTEND TO STEAL
ITS POWER FOR MYSELF!
THE SPIRIT WORLD IS
GOING TO BE MINE!
IT WILL CRUMBLE
BEFORE ME!
AH HA HA HA!
OHH! OH, NO.
THE SPIRIT WORLD
IS COLLAPSING.
I CAN'T LET IT.
I CAN'T!
IT'S TOO LATE
TO SAVE THIS WORLD
OR YOUR KURIBON!
IDO THE SUPREME
MAGICAL FORCE, ATTACK!
STOP!
I PLAY FAIRY WIND!
Computer: FAIRY WIND DESTROYS
ALL THE MAGIC AND TRAP CARDS
ON THE FIELD AND DEALS
400 POINTS OF DAMAGE
TO EACH PLAYER
FOR EVERY CARD DESTROYED.
LISTEN UP,
PROFESSOR.
I'M NOT GONNA LET YOU
DO ANY MORE DAMAGE
TO THE SPIRIT WORLD.
YOUR EVIL
AND DESTRUCTIVE
WAYS WILL END NOW!
WHAT!?
[CHIRPS]
HUH?
ERR!
I GAVE MY WORD
TO PROTECT THIS WORLD,
AND THAT MEANS I'M
GONNA HAVE TO TAKE
OUT YOUR PRECIOUS
LIFE POINTS EVEN IF IT
MEANS RISKING MY OWN
AT THE SAME TIME.
N' SINCE YOUR
EQUIP SPELL IS GONE NOW,
KURIBON'S ATTACK
POINTS RETURN TO 300.
YOU WON'T WIN THIS DUEL.
AND YOU WILL NOT STOP
ME FROM ACHIEVING
MY DESTINY!
ATTACK NOW, IDO!
KURIBON'S SPECIAL
ABILITY ACTIVATES!
WHEN KURIBON
IS ATTACKED,
HE CAN RETURN
TO MY HAND IN ORDER
TO AVOID DAMAGE.
YOU CAN'T TOUCH HIM.
AND EVEN THOUGH YOU
REGAIN LIFE POINTS,
AT LEAST I WAS ABLE TO
KEEP MY KURIBON SAFE.
I PROMISED TO
PROTECT HIM.
I PROMISED TO PROTECT
THE ENTIRE SPIRIT WORLD.
AND I'M GOING TO
KEEP THAT PROMISE!
HA HA HA!
NOOO!
MY POWER WILL BREAK
YOU AND YOUR PROMISE!
AH HA HA HA!
AH HA!
THERE'S NOTHING YOU CAN
DO TO SAVE THIS WORLD.
I WILL DESTROY IT
AND REBUILD IT UNDER MY RULE!
AH HA HA HA!
FAIRY DRAGON...
MAN, SHE SEEMS LIKE
SHE'S REALLY MAD.
OH NO...
WHAT IS SHE DOING?
AH HA HA HA!
OH, HA HA!
AAH HA HA HA!
[GROWLS]
SHE IS GOING TO
CRUSH HIM!
DON'T DO IT!
THEN YOU'RE NO
BETTER THAN HE IS!
PUT HIM DOWN, OKAY?!
[ROARS]
MAYBE IF I CAN JUST
END THIS DUEL!
I ACTIVATE
OBERON'S PRANK!
THIS SPELL REVERSES
FAIRY WIND'S EFFECT.
INSTEAD OF RESTORING
OUR LIFE POINTS,
IT DAMAGES US
FOR THE SAME AMOUNT.
[LAUGHING
MANIACALLY]
AAH! AAH!
AAH!
THE EVIL IS GONE,
BUT YOU MUST NOW STOP
THE PERSON WHO SEALED
ME AWAY.
[GROANING]
[MOANING]
[THINKING]
IS HE OKAY?
[GROANS]
HE IS. THAT'S GOOD...
I GUESS.
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
LEO!
[YAWNING]
LEO! YOU'RE OKAY!
HUH? I'M "OKAY?"
THAT'S RIGHT.
YOU JUST SORTA FAINTED
EARLIER, KID.
REALLY? I DID?!
I HAD THE WEIRDEST DREAM.
BUT I CAN'T
REMEMBER IT NOW.
HA. YEAH, DREAMS
ARE LIKE THAT...
SO, HEY, HOW'S LUNA?
CHECK IT OUT.
OUR LOSERS' BRACKET
BATTLE HAS ENDED...
AND NEITHER COMPETITOR
WILL BE MOVING ON!
BOTH DUELISTS
HAVE LOST.
HUH?! AW.
HMM?
[CHIRPS]
[THINKING]
DON'T WORRY, KURIBON.
I WON'T LEAVE YOU AGAIN.
I'LL ALWAYS WATCH
OVER THE SPIRIT WORLD.
I CAN WALK BY MYSELF,
YOU KNOW.
WELCOME BACK.
[CHEERING]
Jack: SO THAT GIRL
HAS A MARK.
WHAT HAPPENS NOW?
HA HA HA!